h1. Scala1

Server side of the mobile application commissioned by "Typesafe":http://typesafe.com for the Scala portion of the **2012 JavaOne** conference.

Built by "Tindr":http://tindr.co in collaboration with "Magnetic Bear Studios":http://magneticbear.com/

h2. Running Scala1

To install and run Scala1 you need to have the "Typesafe Stack":http://typesafe.com/stack installed, and follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository
2. Install Postgres (If you prefer a different DB make sure to change the application.conf accordingly)
3. Create a @scalaone@ DB user with a new database called @scalaone@
4. Create a plain text file @conf/private.conf@ with the following data:

<pre>
# DB credentials
db.default.user=YourDBUser
db.default.password=YourDBUserPassword

# The secret key is used to secure cryptographics functions.
application.secret=AnyStringOfLength16xNWillDo12345

# Pusher configuration 
# Keep Pusher disabled or get a free account and enter your credentials here
pusher.enabled=false
pusher.appId=YourAppId
pusher.key=YourKey
pusher.secret=YourSecret

# Internal security configuration
security.token=AnyValueWillDo
</pre>

5. Make sure ImageMagick is installed on your system by running @convert@. If it is not, use your preferred "installation":http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php "method":https://help.ubuntu.com/community/ImageMagick.  
6. To verify the installation, cd to the project root and run @sbt test@. All tests should run successfully.
7. Hack away!

If you use Eclipse or Idea, you'll have to run the proper @sbt@ target to generate project files, as those are not checked into the repository.

h2. Playground

The playground area is merely a placeholder for you to play with. It consists of a simple view (@playground.scala.html@) and a trivial controller method in the Application controller (@Application.playground@). 

We want you to play with the code, and add any features you'd like. The playground is just the easiest place to throw some quick stuff at. You could, for example, calculate some stats and show them in the playground view, grab event or speaker data and do some fun stuff with it. As long as you respect the users' privacy, anything goes.

And, when you have something to show, contribute to the repo...

h2. Contributing to Scala1

Since we're dealing with private data, any contributions will be made through pull requests.

Just send us any commits you have, and we'll take a look. If your changes are safe and fun for everyone, we'll publish them ASAP!

h2. Links

The mobile apps are available here:

- "iOS":https://github.com/magneticbear/scalaone_iphone
- "Android":https://github.com/magneticbear/scala1_android
